>>> A JUDGE WILL DECIDE IF
THERE'S ENOUGH EVIDENCE TO KEEP
JUSTIN HARRIS IN JAIL WHILE
PROSECUTORS BUILD THEIR CASE.
THE GEORGIA FATHER AS YOU MIGHT
REMEMBER IS CHARGED WITH SECOND
DEGREE CHILD CRUELTY.
IT'S NOT A DISPUTE HE LEFT HIS
22-MONTH-OLD SON COOPER IN AN
SUV IN THE BROILING HEAT FOR
HOURS THAT ULTIMATELY KILLED THE
TODDLER.
PROSECUTORS ALLEGED MURDER.
HARRIS SAYS IS JUST A HORRIBLE
ACCIDENT.
COOPER'S FUNERAL WAS ON
SATURDAY.
IN THE SURPRISE OF MANY, HIS
FATHER TOOK PART IN THE SERVICE
FROM JAIL.
MARTIN SAVIDGE HAS MORE STARTING
WITH A NEW PIECE OF INFORMATION
THAT HAS SURFACED IN THE
INVESTIGATION.
>> THE NEW REVELATION IS
STUNNING.
THE MOTHER OF 22-MONTH-OLD
COOPER HARRIS SAYS SHE ALSO
RESEARCHED ON THE INTERNET HOW
CHILDREN DIE IN HOT CARS.
IT FOLLOWS A SIMILAR DRAW
DROPPING ADMISSION BY THE BOY'S
FATHER.
HE STATED HE RECENTLY RESEARCHED
THROUGH THE INTERNET CHILD
DEATHS INSIDE VEHICLES AND WHAT
TEMPERATURE IT NEEDS TO BE FOR
THAT TO OCCUR.
HE SAID HE WAS FEARFUL THIS
COULD HAPPEN.
IT DID HAPPEN LESS THAN TWO
WEEKS AGO.
POLICE SAY JUSTIN ROSS HARRIS
LEFT HIS SON STRAPPED IN A REAR
FACING CHILD SEAT IN THE BACK
SEAT OF HIS SUV FOR CLOSE TO 7
HOURS IN THE PARKING LOT AT
WORK.
TEMPERATURES HIT THE 90s THAT
DAY.
THE FATHER SAYS HE FORGOT TO
TAKE THE BOY TO DAY CARE.
HARRIS WAS SEEN AT LUNCHTIME,
RETURNING TO THE VEHICLE AND
PLACING AN ITEM IN THE FRONT
SEAT BEFORE GOING BACK TO HIS
OFFICE.
DAD'S BEING HELD WITHOUT BOND,
CHARGED WITH FELONY MURDER AND
SECOND DEGREE CHILD CRUELTY, SO
FAR NO CHARGES HAVE BEEN FILED
AGAINST THE BOY'S MOTHER.
POLICE MADE THE DOCUMENTS PUBLIC
SATURDAY.
THE SAME DAY HUNDREDS GATHERED
IN ALABAMA FOR LITTLE COOPER'S
FUNE
FUNERAL.
HIS TINY CASKET WAS RED, HIS
FAVORITE COLOR.
NO CAMERAS ALLOWED, BUT
REPORTERS COULD ATTEND.
LEANN IN A HARRIS DEFENDED HER
HUSBAND DURING HER CHILD'S
EULOGY SAYING, AM I ANGRY WITH
ROSS?
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
IT HAS NEVER CROSSED MY MIND.
CNN'S NICK VALENCIA WAS IN THE
CHURCH.
>> WHAT GOT THE REACTION WAS
WHEN SHE SAID ROSS HARRIS IS A
WONDERFUL FATHER, AND EVERYBODY
STOOD UP AND STARTED CLAPPING.
IT WAS AN UNPROVOKED MOMENT.
>> THEN COOPER AREA FATHER SPOKE
VIA PHONE FROM HIS JAIL CELL.
>> YOU COULD HEAR HIM SOBBING
OVER THE PHONE.
TRYING TO CATCH HIS BREATH.
THAT GOT VERY EMOTIONAL FOR
PEOPLE IN THE CROWD.
>> YOU REMEMBER SOME OF WHAT HE
SAID?
>> HE SAID THANK YOU.
HE THANKED THOSE IN THE CROWD
FOR NOT ONLY SUPPORTING HIM, BUT
ALSO SUPPORTING HIS SON.
>> WHAT WAS TO BE A SERVICE TO
REMEMBER A CHILD, ALSO BECAME A
DEFENSE OF THE FATHER CHARGED
WITH HIS DEATH.
LEADING EVEN THOSE ATTENDING
TORN BY ANGUISH AND ALLEGATIONS.
>> I MEAN, HE COULD HAVE LEFT
THE CAR AND NOT SEEN THE LITTLE
BOY IF THE BOY WAS SLEEPING
OR -- I MEAN, IT COULD HAVE.
HE COULD HAVE BEEN DISTRACTED.
SO -- BUT I DO HAVE QUESTIONS
ABOUT IT.
MARTIN SAVAGE JOINS US NOW.
THE MOTHER'S EULOGY AT THE
FUNERAL, IT'S REALLY THE FIRST
WE'VE HEARD FROM HER.
>> IT WAS VERY UNUSUAL I HAVE TO
SAY.
IT WASN'T SO MUCH TALKING ABOUT
HER SON BUT TALKING ABOUT HER
HUSBAND.
AND OPENLY HAVING TO ANSWER THE
QUESTIONS THAT HAVE COME ABOUT.
ONE OF THE OTHER ODD THINGS IN
THAT EULOGY, SHE PUT TOGETHER A
LIST OF THINGS SHE SAID SHE WAS
HAPPY THAT HER SON DID NOT LIVE
TO SEE.
HIS FIRST HEARTBREAK.
THAT ORDEAL OF WHO TO SIT WITH
AT LUNCH IN THOSE AWKWARD MIDDLE
SCHOOL YEARS.
THE DEATH OF HIS GRANDPARENTS OR
PARENTS DIE.
I WILL MISS HIM WITH ALL MY